Add clarification on use of custom RGB Matrix effect (#11176)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_rgb_matrix.md

`rgb_matrix_user.inc` should go in the root of the keymap directory.
`rgb_matrix_kb.inc` should go in the root of the keyboard directory.

> To use the newly created custom effect outside of the `rgb_matrix_user/kb.inc` file, it has to be appended to the prefix `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_`.
> As an example, to change the current effect with the new custom effect `my_cool_effect` write:
> `rgb_matrix_mode(RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_my_cool_effect);`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use custom effects in your code, simply prepend `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_` to the effect name specified in `RGB_MATRIX_EFFECT()`. For example, an effect declared as `RGB_MATRIX_EFFECT(my_cool_effect)` would be referenced with:

\`\`\`c
rgb_matrix_mode(RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_my_cool_effect);
\`\`\`
```
The backslashes should not be here, but it breaks the suggestion block as it also uses triple backticks.

`rgb_matrix_user.inc` should go in the root of the keymap directory.
`rgb_matrix_kb.inc` should go in the root of the keyboard directory.

To use custom effects in your code, simply prepend `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_` to the effect name specified in `RGB_MATRIX_EFFECT()`. For example, an effect declared as `RGB_MATRIX_EFFECT(my_cool_effect)` would be referenced with:

\`\`\`c
rgb_matrix_mode(RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_my_cool_effect);

> \`\`\`

Reviewer: Now the backslashes need to be removed.

Author: But now I don't have the rights to change it

Reviewer 2: You should be able to change it on your repo.

Reviewer: See zvecr's suggestion below.

Author: I now saw the 'commit suggestion' option and I did so.

> \`\`\`c
> rgb_matrix_mode(RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_my_cool_effect);
> \`\`\`

Reviewer 3: ````suggestion
```c
rgb_matrix_mode(RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_my_cool_effect);
```
````
